---
title: Quotes
date: 2016-01-01 23:59:59
---

> Everyone on Earth, they'd tell us, was carrying around an unseen history, and that alone deserved some tolerance.
> _\- Michelle Obama_

> Blues music is like embracing pain, but realizing life is worth putting up to.
> _\- John Mayer_

> The problem with the person having a lack of love, is that they don’t know what it looks like. So it is easy for them to get tricked, to see things that aren’t there. But then I guess we all lie to ourselves all the time.
> _\- Charles Forsman, The End of the F\*\*\*ing World_

> 我告诫自己，你话说得太多，你听别人倾诉得太多，你咖啡喝得太多，你在陌生房间里坐的时间太长，你睡眠质量太差，你醒着的时间太长，你平庸的事想得太多，你希望过多，你安慰自己太频繁。
> _\- 格纳齐诺，幸福，在幸福远去的时代_

> Do not believe that he who seeks to comfort you lives untroubled among the simple and quiet words that sometimes do you good. His life has much difficulty and sadness and remains far behind yours. Were it otherwise he would never have been able to find those words.
> _\- Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet_

> If your everyday life seems poor to you, do not accuse it; accuse yourself, tell yourself you are not poet enough to summon up its riches; since for the creator there is no poverty and no poor or unimportant place.​
> _\- Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet_

> ...for fundamentally, and precisely in the deepest and most important things, we are unspeakably alone, and a great deal must happen in order that one man may be able to advise or even help another—a great deal must succeed, a whole constellation of things must be realized for it once to prosper.
> _\- Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet_
